zachg update how to set debug logging with Python tracer >1.0 (#13922)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs.md

{{< programming-lang lang="python" >}}

To enable debug mode for the Datadog Python Tracer, set the environment variables `DD_TRACE_DEBUG=true` and `DD_CALL_BASIC_CONFIG=true` when using `ddtrace-run`.

> If you have an existing logging configuration, we recommend enabling debug logging in your application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an existing logging configuration, enable debug logging in your application code.
```

```
log = logging.getLogger("ddtrace.tracer")
log.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)
```

> <p></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
